
3014 Simecek Dr, Twinsburg, OH 44087
4 beds 2.5 baths 2,084 sqft
For Sale
$339,900
Zestimate®: $276,619
Zillow Special Offer: $3,000
Est. Mortgage
$1,260/mo

Welcome to this 2 year young beautiful home with lots of upgrades and in immaculate condition through out. Chaseview is located in desirable Twinsburg City with great city amenities and is across the street from Liberty Park. This open floorplan features 4 bedrooms, 2 1/2 baths, first floor den, walk out basement, great view, and over 3800 SQ Ft of living space. The gourmet kitchen includes granite counter tops, trendy back-splash, gourmet island, and all high end stainless steel appliances that come included with the house. Chestnut stain wood floors, delta touch faucet, and upgraded lighting completes this kitchen. Family Room has a 4 foot extension and a marble fireplace. In the first floor den you will find built-in book shelves. From the sunny morning room, a patio door leads you to a low maintenance deck. Owners' suite is very spacious with a sitting area, a large walk in closet, and an upgraded, all tiled on-suite bath. In the lower lever you will find a finished walkout basement with a sliding glass door leading you to a brick patio. Since completion of construction, seller has put thousands of dollars into professionally installed landscaping, deck/patio, painting interior, adding granite, and a back-splash to the kitchen, upgrading lighting throughout, buying appliance,s and so much more. This home is a must see.

Features

    Deck
    Flooring: Carpet, Linoleum / Vinyl
    Parking: 2 spaces

    Patio
    Porch
    Sprinkler System

    View: City

Appliances Included

    Dishwasher
    Garbage disposal

    Range / Oven
    Washer

Room Types

    Dining room

    Family room

    Sun room

Construction

    Exterior material: Vinyl
    Roof type: Asphalt

    Stories: 2
    Structure type: Colonial

Other

    Floor size: 2,084 sqft
    Laundry: In Unit

    Unit floor #: 0
    Zillow Home ID: 2116093105